hi guys I hope you're well today I've
got a bit of a different video for you
if you follow me on Instagram you may
have seen a few weeks ago me posting
some videos every day for seven day with
the hashtag seven day denim now this is
actually a project with unique light so
they basically sent me three pairs of
jeans from their damn collection and I
started seven outfits with these
wonderful every day now part of this
project was put this in a video so I
thought it'd be a really good way to
show you guys how you can wear denim and
how easy it is to start up seven outfits
with just three pairs of jeans so I
picked some jeans from Uniqlo I'll link
all those below because I don't actually
know the product names off top of my
head I basically got Norwood zhenia and
these are quite dark and then they've
got zip detail on the ankle these are
really good for kind of more petite
girls quite short legs girls like myself
because they're not going to be too long
and these actually the perfect length
for me I didn't have to fold them up or
anything so those were definitely my
favorite pair that I picked it from
Munich right I also picked this nothin I
also picked these blue jeans it should
get a very similar but a lot a lot
longer and I do have to follow these up
a little bit and as you can see I've
bought these up at the bottom but I just
like the color of these and they're
quite casual and they're just nice for
everyday wear and I also picked a great
poet should actually wear him right now
so I'm gonna stand up and show you guys
these ones but there's basically the
same as I've just shown you but in grey
you can see a better picture of those in
the and mix bit of this video but these
green ones are brilliant again really
really long but I kind of like that
bunched up style I know it's like
Victoria Beckham kind of bunches and her
jeans up at the bottom and actually is
quite flattering it makes your legs look
quite slim and just really nice so I
start these jeans into seven outfits and
I'm going to insert the clips now and I
hope you enjoyed this video and I hope
it wasn't too kind of off normal for me
but I thought it would be a really good
idea to show you guys how easy it could
be to start some jeans so thank you for
watching and I'll see you soon for
another video bye